from stoppage you come down to the bike
Joe much no kiddin is this your
beautiful wife over here
by me are these your bikes our whites
chief Aaron build them with
what's the name of it cheap strike
rental what the cost to get a bike like
that for a week
by the same bike
or is that a helmet you got out or
you're dead you natural here we make
this helmets as well must make office
home what the helmet like they go for my
money hunter box well
our span for her birthday any beautiful
and you you come here every year every
year well how many people he thinks at
the bike show today
yes there was BC a but a lot of people
together people this week compared to
last year last year less people speaking
you're going down to the other horse now
beautiful right trill gorgeous right
did you go down Main Street without me
the same of course our classes but
within our famous with last year all
dressed in white one of Mike's Arabians
regarded 100 bikes all dress white white
love sauce the original labels
take care of that be careful driving